define logical source in core and add spec refs (#141)
kg-construct/rml-core: spec/docs/logicalSource.md

# Defining Logical Sources

> A <dfn>logical source</dfn> is a function on a [=data source=] that provides data to be mapped to [=RDF triples=].

Reviewer: Is it actually a function?

Author: Yeah maybe we need to define it more abstractly. How would you define it?

Author: > `A Logical Source is an abstract description for describing data access and iteration of a data source which is mapped to RDF quads`.

I then suggest: 
```suggestion
A <dfn>logical source</dfn> is an abstract construct to describe data access and iteration for a [=data source=] such that it can be mapped to [=RDF triples=].
```

> * Logical Source is a term -> caps

I prefer to keep it lower case, but have all occurrences of terms linked to the definitions. Otherwise there will be a lot of caps in sentences, which IMO does not aid readability

> * RDF quads -> triples implies no Named Graph support

I know @andimou wants to keep the text close to the [R2RML rec](https://www.w3.org/TR/r2rml). There the term RDF triple is used throughout. Also, I'm not sure there is an authorative definition of quad anywhere in the W3C recs.

Reviewer: I like the suggested change! The word 'function' is tricky as it might confuse people with rml-fnml.

> I prefer to keep it lower case, but have all occurrences of terms linked to the definitions.

That's something we need to align across all specs. RML-IO prefers caps when it talks about classes like Logical Source, following the practices used in ontologies.

> There the term RDF triple is used throughout. 

Yeah that's fine for me as well, aligns with Triples Maps though.

Author: > That's something we need to align across all specs. RML-IO prefers caps when it talks about classes like Logical Source, following the practices used in ontologies.

OK. Core is quite heavy on definitions and references to defined terms. So I think it's more of an issue there.

Reviewer: It would be great if we can coordinate across all specs the same approach to not confuse readers?

A [=logical source=] (`rml:LogicalSource`) MUST have:
* exactly one `rml:referenceFormulation` property, whose value is a <dfn>reference formulation</dfn> which defines how the underlying [=data source=] is to be accessed, and which [=expressions=] can be evaluated on [=logical iterations=],

> * zero or one `rml:iterator` property, whose value is a <dfn data-lt="iterator">logical iterator</dfn> that defines a sequence of [=logical iterations=] on the [=data source=]. If no [=iterator=] is provided, a <dfn class="lint-ignore">default iterator</dfn> MUST be associated with the [=reference formulation=].

Reviewer: We need to link to rml-io-registry here for the default iterator and how expressions are formed per reference formulation.

Author: I think it should be the other way around. rml-io-registry should link to core and use the definitions from core (and io). However, it would be good to have some informal links from core to relevant documents like rml-io-registry.

Reviewer: Sure, but we need to link in some way otherwise non-experts will be confused.
I would say in the spec that the details of how a reference formulation is handled and implemented for each data format is specified in rml-io-registry.
